yes do it again
am still here but have 90 seconds
for ticks you do it
yeah lovely it just happens if i like it
organ may be that idea but yes there is
nothing for you will help me in the 20th of May
20 more seconds to winning when
I have this person to do it in
a second
yes yes certainly but if you have so many
gain confidence from the side and from
your players makes it fun though
easier and it was that euro so that
first bio I have sat opportunity for necessary
had good reasons after the white fog
those matches telling those
to shoot 3 later
well i have to say i will last two
it nice in and or five with traffic jams
a bit harder but that is that
my teammate you had nothing for sure
that ball and I can catch you at
stories and a little it you naturally
fall off and he then 20 seconds
for time falls between and nicer because you
hadn't got a hold of it
yes whichever of course but then it
then comes out well better than this I can
am sweet yes I became a baker with
slight abdominal cramp is just there bit
tension with your nerves
and yes I got it three years ago
time to make it is you know something
better what it is and I really like it
enjoyed it and was fantastic the
History have years ago for the
yale the 21 was there what is the
other man of yours who here then b nr
with what we used to be a party
to celebrate
name a very proud fleet feeling is not
only today it is a whole season
i went to his huesca when we went and that
you win him before that is natural
super the rewards of the whole
season but it's nice that three years
ago only different when i have a big one
little brother and now that is calculated
punishment
another player of the week well I had
it actually and way indeed i do
stood downstairs and everyone agrees
very difficult about it
and I then came there snack land and it will
Immediately pastor is a rob you
someone needs that are somewhat difficult
well that's just the way it is
okay do not love yourself a lot
pleasure
yes we go again I finally thank you
well thank you
and
laundry